Create ui-c8y-1021-53-0-new-data-point-explorer-and-data-points-graph.md (#3088)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-53-0-new-data-point-explorer-and-data-points-graph.md

---
date: ""

> title: New data point explorer and data points graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Data point explorer and data point graph have been migrated to angular. Both features have been further improved.
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61539
version: 1021.53.0
---

> New data point explorer and data points graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance data analysis and visualization within the Cumulocity IoT platform, the Data Point Explorer and Data Point Graph have been upgraded with new capabilities and a modernized architecture. Both features have been migrated from AngularJS to Angular, bringing improved performance, a refreshed interface, and expanded configuration options.

## Data Point Explorer

The Data Point Explorer now includes a workspace implementation, allowing users to create and manage multiple workspaces for organizing their data analysis. These workspaces are stored locally and can also be shared, enabling seamless collaboration across teams. Additionally, an improved browsing and search experience makes it easier to locate specific data points across connected devices.

## Data Point Graph

The Data Point Graph now provides a more interactive and dynamic visualization of data points over time, helping users identify trends, patterns, and anomalies with greater ease. A dashboard-linked time slider has been introduced, allowing users to adjust the time range across the entire dashboard when the widget is bound to the global time context. This ensures a synchronized view of data across multiple widgets, enhancing contextual analysis and decision-making.

These enhancements offer a more intuitive and powerful way to explore IoT data, improving efficiency and collaboration for users managing their deployments within Cumulocity IoT.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Data point explorer and data point graph improved with new capabilities

Reviewer 2: Proposing a slightly different title, in line with previous similar update. (Example https://cumulocity.com/docs/change-logs/?productarea=.productarea-application-enablement-solutions#ui-c8y-1021-21-0-as-a-developer-i-want-to-migrate-data-points-table-widget )

```suggestion
title: Enhanced data point explorer and data point graph widget
```

> title: Data point explorer and data point graph have been migrated to angular. Both features have been further improved.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Data point explorer and data point graph improved with new capabilities
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61539
version: 1021.53.0
---

> To enhance data analysis and visualization within the Cumulocity IoT platform, the Data Point Explorer and Data Point Graph have been upgraded with new capabilities and a modernized architecture. Both features have been migrated from AngularJS to Angular, bringing improved performance, a refreshed interface, and expanded configuration options.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To enhance data analysis and visualization within the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform, the data point explorer and data point graph have been upgraded with new capabilities and a modernized architecture. Both features have been migrated from AngularJS to Angular, bringing improved performance, a refreshed interface, and expanded configuration options.
```

> ## Data Point Explorer

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Data point explorer
```

> The Data Point Explorer now includes a workspace implementation, allowing users to create and manage multiple workspaces for organizing their data analysis. These workspaces are stored locally and can also be shared, enabling seamless collaboration across teams. Additionally, an improved browsing and search experience makes it easier to locate specific data points across connected devices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The data point explorer now includes a workspace implementation, allowing users to create and manage multiple workspaces for organizing their data analysis. These workspaces are stored locally and can also be shared, enabling seamless collaboration across teams. Additionally, an improved browsing and search experience makes it easier to locate specific data points across connected devices.
```

> ## Data Point Graph

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Data point graph
```

> The data point graph now provides a more interactive and dynamic visualization of data points over time, helping users identify trends, patterns, and anomalies with greater ease. A dashboard-linked time slider has been introduced, allowing users to adjust the time range across the entire dashboard when the widget is bound to the global time context. This ensures a synchronized view of data across multiple widgets, enhancing contextual analysis and decision-making.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data point graph now provides a more interactive and dynamic visualization of data points over time, helping users identify trends, patterns, and anomalies with greater ease. Key improvements include:
- A dashboard-linked time slider that adjusts the time range across the entire dashboard when the widget is connected to the global time context, enabling synchronized data views across multiple widgets
- Simple click-to-toggle visibility controls for data points, alarms, and events
- New configuration options to control alarm icon visibility, overlay multiple measurements on a single graph axis, and customize graph styling options
```

> The Data Point Graph now provides a more interactive and dynamic visualization of data points over time, helping users identify trends, patterns, and anomalies with greater ease. A dashboard-linked time slider has been introduced, allowing users to adjust the time range across the entire dashboard when the widget is bound to the global time context. This ensures a synchronized view of data across multiple widgets, enhancing contextual analysis and decision-making.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The data point graph now provides a more interactive and dynamic visualization of data points over time, helping users identify trends, patterns, and anomalies with greater ease. A dashboard-linked time slider has been introduced, allowing users to adjust the time range across the entire dashboard when the widget is bound to the global time context. This ensures a synchronized view of data across multiple widgets, enhancing contextual analysis and decision-making.
```

> These enhancements offer a more intuitive and powerful way to explore IoT data, improving efficiency and collaboration for users managing their deployments within Cumulocity IoT.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These enhancements offer a more intuitive and powerful way to explore IoT data, improving efficiency and collaboration for users managing their deployments within {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```
